content/pages/about.md, before:

Title: S2I2-HEP Overview
date: 2016-06-07 07:51
slug: about.html
Authors: Peter Elmer
Summary: Summary of the S2I2-HEP Conceptualization Project



### Project Team

  * [Peter Elmer](http://www.princeton.edu/physics/people/display_person.xml?netid=gelmer&display=Research%20Staff) (Lead PI) - Princeton University, Department of Physics

  * [Michael D. Sokoloff](http://www.artsci.uc.edu/departments/physics/fac_staff.html?eid=sokoloff&thecomp=uceprof) (PI) - University of Cincinnati, Department of Physics

  * [Mark Neubauer](https://physics.illinois.edu/people/profile.asp?msn) (PI) - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Department of Physics


  * [Nan Niu](http://homepages.uc.edu/~niunn/) (Senior Personnel) - University of Cincinnati, Department of EECS

### Collaborators

### Acknowledgement

This project is supported by [National Science Foundation](http://nsf.gov) grants ACI-XYZ, ACI-XYZ, and ACI-XYZ. Any opinions, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the developers and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.

Commit message:

Note that awards are pending, rather than list dummy grant numbers.

content/pages/about.md, after:

Title: S2I2-HEP Overview
date: 2016-06-07 07:51
slug: about.html
Authors: Peter Elmer
Summary: Summary of the S2I2-HEP Conceptualization Project



### Project Team

  * [Peter Elmer](http://www.princeton.edu/physics/people/display_person.xml?netid=gelmer&display=Research%20Staff) (Lead PI) - Princeton University, Department of Physics

  * [Michael D. Sokoloff](http://www.artsci.uc.edu/departments/physics/fac_staff.html?eid=sokoloff&thecomp=uceprof) (PI) - University of Cincinnati, Department of Physics

  * [Mark Neubauer](https://physics.illinois.edu/people/profile.asp?msn) (PI) - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Department of Physics


  * [Nan Niu](http://homepages.uc.edu/~niunn/) (Senior Personnel) - University of Cincinnati, Department of EECS

### Collaborators

### Acknowledgement

This project was recommended for funding by the [National Science Foundation](http://nsf.gov) in June, 2015 (awards pending). Any opinions, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the developers and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.

<!--- This project is supported by [National Science Foundation](http://nsf.gov) grants ACI-XYZ, ACI-XYZ, and ACI-XYZ. Any opinions, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the developers and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation. --->
